[Autogenerated] before we go any further,
let's take more for look at what specifically is
happening when we generate our stops.
First of all, we're running, install and skipping tests.
It's already being explained that this is because
they at this point in the workflow, we don't care about the provider side.
We just want to generate our stops.
Next, there is a transformation process.
What happens here is that a contract is passed by the
verifier and converted into a stop mapping file.
This is a relatively sophisticated process,
as is able to calculate different types of matching
expressions such as Jason Path, generate values from method calls and much more.
We'll go into more detail about this in a later module,
but for now we can think of a stock mapping as mark AP I data
generated from our contract finally are stuck.
Mapping files are packaged into a jar on installed
into our local maven repository.
Typically,
these live alongside to provide a jar with an added classifier of minus stub.
The advantage of taking this approach is that spring cloud
contract is able to leverage the existing dependency management
and build systems of Java may even in grade all and avoid having
to do anything proprietary.
This also makes adoption easier,
as most organizations would already have the necessary infrastructure in place.
Stub mapping said.
We mentioned a few times now I'm being described as Mark
data generated from our A P I contracts.
Now I'd like to take a step back and give more of an explanation
about their foul former and how their own.
On the consumer side.
When spring cloud contract executes are stops, it does so.
Vira Tal called wire mark Why Mark is a very powerful Java based Web server
for simulating Haiti T P a p Eyes as a standalone tool.
It's already quite popular if in the community able to take on the variety
of AP I simulation use cases because of this popularity.
Rather than reinventing the wheel shrink loud Contract has chosen to
leverage wire mark as a library for running it stops.
This means that stuck map ings we're generating are
actually why Mark Stop wrappings.
Why Mark stubbed wrappings?
Adjust Jason files They're easy to reason about and
can easily be imported and exported, as you can imagine,
because a contract DSL is so feature rich It must mean
that why mark is to as it's able to implement all sorts of
different mocking strategies.
We'll be focusing more on knees in the next module.
But for now just noted,
it will be a lot of flexibility in the types of stops we can build at his core.
Why mark functions by receiving a request on returning to
corresponding stop mapping response.
This works for a process called matching.
Why?
Why Michael Literary over each stub,
mapping and see if any off them correspond to the request.
Once a match is found, it will return the corresponding response.
Why?
Mark also ships with some really useful debugging functionality.
So if we wouldn't dream, why stop?
Doesn't work.
We can easily look a stack trace or tallies information about
why our request was not much by a stub.
Map him well, Licata, Shortly in the next demo,
the final missing piece in this flow is orchestration,
which is done by it'll called the stop Runner,
provided by Spring Cloud contract one x accuse it.
The stub runner will download the stops it has been
configured to get at the start of a test.
After this, it will extract the stud muffin files from the jar into memory.
It will then start by Mark on an important extracted stub,
mapping files into Why Mark to set it up.
Finally,
the test will actually que with all the necessary dependencies
running and configured in order to use the stop runner.
A good starting point would be a spring boots fast.
This is because the stop printer can be orchestrated
violet or to configure stubborn annotation.
This triggers are spring be auto configuration,
meaning this simple meta data is enough to trigger the
starting and stopping of wine mark importing data on audio
of her pieces of functionality.
Next, the annotation is given the i DS off the stoves,
which should be executed first of the group i d.
The artifacts I d.
The version number on the classifier just like
adding any normal babe independency.
Next comes support.
This is a port that why Mark will start on which can be
provided explicitly or randomized.
And finally we are a work or flying out of you.
This means that Robert and looking in an extent,
or maybe a repository for the stops,
the stop runner will look in our local repository.
This makes sense for this stage in the workflow as the stops have only being installed locally.